Add new metrics and improve package telemetry compatibility (#37)
manticoresoftware/manticoresearch-backup: README.md

| Metric | Description |
|-|-|

> | collector | 🏷 backup |
> | os_name | 🏷️ Name of the operating system |
> | machine_id | 🏷 Server identifier (the content of /etc/machine-id in Linux)
> | started | This metrics represents all runs of backup |
> | failed | In case backup failed with error we send this metric |
> | done | This metric reports when backup or restore flow succeeded |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| collector | 🏷 backup. Means this metric comes from the backup tool |
| os_name | 🏷️ Name of the operating system |
| machine_id | 🏷 Server identifier (the content of `/etc/machine-id` in Linux)
| invocation | Sent when backup was invoked. Boolean |
| failed | Sent in case the backup was failed. Boolean |
| done | Sent when the backup/restore was successful. Boolean |
```
